CONTRIBUTING.md explains rundata_test.go (#1024)
openconfig/featureprofiles: CONTRIBUTING.md

Within each test directory, `README.md` should document the test plan. The test
name directory and the `*.go` files should be named after the test name as shown
in the [project](https://github.com/orgs/openconfig/projects/2/views/1) item.

> Each test must also be accompanied by a `rundata_test.go` file that is
> automatically generated using the command `go run ./tools/addrundata --fix`. The
> rundata is for tracking the test result. If the rundata is outdated, the
> "Rundata Check" in the pull request check will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test must also be accompanied by a `rundata_test.go` file that is
automatically generated using the command `go run ./tools/addrundata --fix`. rundata_data
generates test results in junitxml format. If the rundata is outdated, the
"Rundata Check" in the pull request check will fail.
```

Would you mind adding link to a new a readme at tools/addrundata/readme.md with a quick explanation.  Others may find the test result output useful.

Author: Added tools/addrundata/README.md and moved detail there.
